= mongo_mapper_generators

MMG is intended for use with the MongoMapper rubygem.  Use it to generate Document and EmbeddedDocument models.  Also included is a generator for a rails initializer.

== Install

MongoMapperGenerators is only released on gemcutter. To install, you can setup gemcutter as your default gem source.

 $ gem install gemcutter
 $ gem tumble
 
Then you can install MMG:
 
 $ gem install mongo_mapper_generators

You can also just declare the source:

 $ gem install mongo_mapper_generators -s http://gemcutter.org

== Dependencies

* MongoMapper
* Rails

== Usage

Once you install the gem, the generators will be available to all Rails
applications on your system. If you run script/generate without any
additional arguments you should see the available generators listed.

To run the generator, go to your rails project directory and call it
using the script/generate or script/destroy command.

  script/generate mongo_model Person name:string email:string age:integer
  
It will generate the model, a unit test and a factory.

Generators also exist for generating EmbeddedDocument models as well as a rails initializer.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Credits

I was inspired by a number of different sources, including:

* Blitz - http://github.com/dancroak/blitz
* NiftyGenerators - http://github.com/ryanb/nifty-generators
* ShouldaGenerator - http://github.com/technicalpickles/shoulda_generator
* John Nunemaker's rails initializer - http://gist.github.com/232953

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Steve Agalloco. See LICENSE for details.
